# Home network configuration templates

**Note:** In the interest of brevity, where not otherwise explicitly stated, this readme should be read as though it strictly focuses on running on Linux.

This repo holds configurations for my home network.
It includes docker images, or host-modifying make commands that will allow any machine to be turned into a home network host without needing to configure much else.

*Note:* There's still a lot of "much else", but every time something new is done, the hope if that the gap of "much else" closes.

# Existing projects

- [Firefly III](/firefly-iii)
- [MongoDB](/mongodb)
- [MySQL](/mysql)
- [NGINX](/nginx)
- [Pi-hole](/pi-hole)
- [Plex](/plex)
- [Redis](/redis)
- [Resilio Sync Server](/resilio-server)
- [Transmission (OSS)](/transmission-oss)
- [UniFi Controller](/unifi)

[//]: # (# Service Name)
[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Description of the service/image/configuration, whatever)
[//]: # ()
[//]: # (# ToDos)
[//]: # ()
[//]: # (- [ ] Something that should be fixed with the current configuration/usage of the service)

# Major ToDos

- [ ] Properly create users that can cross the VM boundary with OS X/Windows where possible. 
- [ ] Get the Makefile set up so it can properly invalidate autogenerated files when the sources change.
- [ ] Make sure that all Dockerfiles have the appropriate number of layers. There are a lot that run simple commands back to back in different layers, wasting time + space.
- [ ] Get the whole thing configured to work with Docker Swarm, so it can be run on an array of hosts, rather than just one.
- [ ] Get health checks set up on the containers where a health check makes sense (probably all of them.)
- [ ] Figure out a more sustainable way of managing backups/crons.
- [ ] Volume mounting logic may be a little platform specific and needs help.
- [ ] Better way of managing passwords and environments that aren't secret. Right now they're managed through `.env` files, and recovering them tends to be a difficult process, and many environments aren't secret, so keeping them easily documented would be nice.
